issue a warning when Item and Collector are used in diamond inheritance (#8447)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/8447.deprecation.rst

> Warn when inheritance is used to bring Collectors into Items,
> it was never sanely supported and triggers hard to debug errors.
> 
> Instead of inheritance composition should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a custom pytest node type which is both an item and a collector now issues a warning.
It was never sanely supported and triggers hard to debug errors.

Instead, a separate collector node should be used, which collects the item. See :ref:`nonpython` for an example.
```
